BST
===

Binary Search Tree with Inorder Successor 

My program implements a pretty normal version of a binary search tree. The methods I used for the implementation were add a node, search for a node, and search for the nodes successor. No other methods were needed for this project. I understand that deleting nodes and other operations would be useful but not for this project. The main method in the cmsc401 class takes the input in and depending on the number command given it will either add node, search for node given a date , and then will search for the successor node of the most recent search. Note that nodes need to be added to the database before search or search for successor node is chosen. If option 2 or 3 is chosen first an exception will be thrown. The program will search through the tree in O(log n) the same goes for adding nodes and finding the successor. I used three classes one for input called cmsc401, one for creating an actual node, and one for the tree and the actual operations on the tree.  The node class relies on references to the left and right child and this is how a tree is implemented. Also if nothing is in the tree the root will become the first node added. The tree will then grow from there building itself recursively. Finding the successor to a node was a little more difficult. First when we search for a node we store the node we found as a value we will need for the successor. We pass the root of our tree, then the value we stored from previous search, and finally a min node which at first is a null node because this will become the successor. The method then finds the successor by doing a series of comparison and if need be recursive calls to find the correct successor. This code is recursive and runs O(height of tree) which I believe would be O(log n). We then output the successor. 
